what  point is a product so over price
it  would be an ethical to sell it
what  point is a product so prized
maybe  we'll be ineffable to buy it an ethical for the customer as well as the vendor
or  the sails
we  are going to ask this question today in reference to men and randa and their new
i  care
they  will sell you a moisture
for  us
and  if you read the label you'll find out
for  us dollars
one  point seven
of  that most
is  that an ethical
is  that a reasonable
is  that a scamp
is  that so price
then  it's more laprobe no
i  have to put in a disclaimer here i do not hold me ananda responsible
for  the opinions of their own father
you  can't really hold me accountable for the opinions of my father
very  different
politically  i never the will
overeating  that their father has been pointing the finger and accusing
many  leading figures many leading medical experts even within the begin movement
of
more  or less the same kind of scale using the giving bad advice and
having  endorsing over price
supplements  and he feels the supplements are necessary he thinks there's a kind of commercial interest
and  the junk science be promoted begins
that's  certainly an interesting line of parts
that  could be fruitfully applied to both men and rended book
and  now
scan  their running
in  selling such steeply over priced moister inclines her now
we  got a compartment
what  is a most driver worth well let's look at the competitive brand suave
servais
as  their website will tell you best on clinical science endorsed by medical doctors
they'll  tell you the whole chemical formula and white is the subrahmanya and why it is german ologists recommend
their  product
parson
it's  a luxury product survey is not a
non  brand name alternative here we could find much much cheaper products that you
know  ostensibly at least would offer similar benefits suave
a  bit on us dollar
there  cleanser seventeen seventy nine for sixteen ounces that were two one
dollar  in lebanon
he  had the four year seventeen forty times for sixty nine again
just  over
on  us our
nobody  says that survey is
you  if you are to go and buy a tub of the stuff at
the  you know at the grocery store or to
the  pharmacy where we get it i don't think anyone feels they're getting a bargain
product  here when they're spending
in  a rash
mainland  is brought on the other hand
the  cleanser twenty four us dollars
for  just six else so else for alec
get  more bound to the automathes to say
you  talking about four dollars per ounce
being  comparative one dollar and eleven cents branagan ninian as
mysterier
twenty  forty was taller for only one point seven
also
the  quantity of oysters are getting in so tiny a he's let over fourteen dollars round
compared  to about one dollar proud
unbelievably  overpriced above me all that i think he started getting ethical questions
about  the packaging
how  do you justify this amount of plastic being used
to  contain and market and sell
one  point seven else
a  product
so  i there is no dotted line that separates
you  know the fair bracing of a luxury pride
from  something that is unfair unreasonable over price for a scamp there is no wine
its  subjective i get to decide you get to decide but we can make this kind
of  an little companion comparison to other parts of the market and ask what motivates
people  to pay this rate if people are buying it or what motivates the business men will matter
something  equivalent to nick cannon coming out and promising you
that  if you buy his moist rising cream you can have shoulders like neck cannon
i  mean
implicitly
people  feel drawn in to buy over priced celebrity endorse
products  because they liked the idea that they will somehow come to resemble
the  celebes
i  think most people are very uncomfortable with the idea that no matter
how  hard they work at the gem there never no resembled the chanon i
benches  two hundred forty pounds still
if  i go up to bench pressing two hundred and seventy
i  still will not have the proportions of my picture of nicanor he herewith same age forty
never  going to happen it is fixed from birth
it  is an accident of birth of all kinds of other advantages in life over again
but  that ain't one of em
it's  very hard for people to accept no matter how hard they exercise no matter how hard they the
diet
they  will never have the proportions of mean aranda they will never look like meteren a bathing
suit  to a tremendous extent the appearance of your face
proportions  of your body who finds you sexually attractive and who does not these things
are
accident  of
beyond  our control they are genetic to some
and  i feel the most fundamental illusion that nina and
are  selling
precisely  concerns the extent to which the appearance of your skin and your propensity
for  at my
is  some
yes  some percentage of people have any because for example the
other
then  they eliminate shade and the acting approves i understand there are pieces like
that
even  that accident the bird some people can be peanuts some people can't you know even
that  is in its location attic
however  what need entrances book never wants to face up to is
that  there are really significant numbers of people are there who have access evaporation
set  on this what people think of as oil illuming for the skin is not really oil but whatever they
have  excess production in this fluid
in  their face
and  their stock with it from birth
and  no amount of dieting no amount of advice and he entered is diet is ever going to cure the
and  it doesn't matter if you pay one dollar
for  this most wiser or if you pay over fourteen dollars
this  mistress no most moisture can ever pass
sure  this condition
this  condition
afflicted
hard  to face up to
hard  to deal with the real purview scientific sources hardly envitation
for  us
born
and  it's maybe a little bit too easy for
specially  celebrities
to  make a lot of
and  that human and security
out  of that yearning to
hertha  hearing the belief
change  your pear
something  that you can buy
millions  of people
as  a problem
a  fat diet
from  you can't solve
tincture
sold  in a ball
for  one dollar